Ideation
Theme: Aberration, a departure from what is normal, usual, or expected, typically one that is unwelcome.
Goals: PS1 ish style(the weird stuff), interactive/reactive, weird.

Green:
Crash simulator ala Burnout Crashmode
Wrecking ball diorama, cause as much damage as possible
Horse racing cars, driving a car against horses?
FPS where if a color is present if you see more of one color you must shoot, that colored bullet does more damage. Movement based?
Weird little FPS, Howdy Partner
FPS where you shoot insults at a fancy dinner party, insult FPS?
Music album art find the fault
Poison simulator, try and sneak in the right poison in different settings. Don't get caught.
Boston simulator, push the limit enought to the point where you get punched.
Pleasantries simualtor, be mean in Canada.
Home alone, but you are a cat
Delivery, you are a doctor that delivers babies, get the right one with the right family. Aliens and shit?
Chromatic abberation, but in sound
Wordle but music and its scrambled
Inspiration from that camera video on youtube, everything looks real weird, just find the exit
None of the controls work as you think, try and solve out for each level
Walk around a city and talk to people, more of a playbox, insult, be kind etc.
Superhero, but all their superpowers have been jumbled
Vaporwave dolphin game, fight oil platforms
An entry where absolutely everything is ai generated, regarding an abberation on the rule of no ai.
A game where you have to adjust the graphic settings to solve the game?
A game where you have to make an acerola video correct? So it's like corrupted or something
Hold an award speech for as long as you can
Alan wake music section thing?
Moshing simulator
A game about terrible ui, where you have to collect different parts and add it into the UI, some are broken though so it gets worse?
Bad drummer, a super hard rythm game about being pulled up on stage at a concert and having to perform, kind of like trombone champ
Tank the music, a band is getting too successful, tank their next hit by suggesting the worst changes, you are a representative of the record label
The Movies, minigame similar to the movies game, where you try and make the slockiest movie possible, write scripts etc, find actors.
I don't want to just be an extra/I want to be a star, be an extra on a movie set, but try and draw as much attention to yourself without getting thrown out
Interior decorator game
I just want to be high, smack away annoying people while you are just enjoying your high. LSD dream simulator inspired/smiling friends tree dude. Maybe you are being chased.
Yoko Ono simulator, add scream to famous songs and piss of chuck berry
Piss in my coffee, be the worst starbucks employee you can be
German tourist simulator
Teleprompter hacker, hack a teleprompter and get the people to say the wrong things, more of a toy?
Death Grips x Kero Kero Bonito simualtor, try and throw in some MC ride into calm/very different type of songs
Satan Temp Agency, have job interviews and find the absolute worst candidates to send to job sites.
Roadie from hell, sabotage the band right before they get on stage
Pissed of sound guy, everyone in a band knows that you don't piss of the sound guy, the band has done just that. Let those fuckers bomb, by sabotaging their show. Turn off gitar sound right before solo and the like
Ruin my picnic, you are a bored greek ish god, ruin peoples picknik, you did not create a park for people to chill in! Throw rain/ants/bees on peoples picninc. Black and white style?


Yellow:
-Wrecking ball diorama, cause as much damage as possible
Small "dioramas" of situations, prob just one for the jam. Inspired by weird japanese table flipping game. 
Art style similar. Pretty much cause as much chaos as possible.

-Driving a car against horses.
Racing game where you are the only car on a horseracing track. Dudes try and break your car and it's all about surviving for as many laps as possible
so kind of a roller derby, car combat game. Weird like that japanese muscle dude game where you Muscle March or Pepsi Man

-Weird little FPS, Howdy Partner/FPS where you shoot insults at a fancy dinner party, insult FPS?
A game where you visit a weird town where all the dudes that live there say howdy partner. Insult them as different weapons, so shoot insults.
Find new insults around. Words of power. 

-Inspiration from that camera video on youtube, everything looks real weird, just find the exit/I just want to be high, smack away annoying people while you are just enjoying your high. LSD dream simulator inspired/smiling friends tree dude. Maybe you are being chased.
You walk around a dreamscape being chased by a monster, try and run away while navigating the landscape. There is a bunch of visual overdraw, frame buffers not being cleared
creepy, but also cool. Have some real cool music.

-Vaporwave dolphin game, fight oil platforms
Inspired by games like ecco the dolphin, but 3d. You see the game from the surface so the player would be flying along the surface
vaporwave/drum and bass/jungle music blaring. Everything has a lot of bloom. 2k Dream cast core visuals. Fight fishing boats. Survive for as long as you can,
maybe have some sort of combo system, so if you do a backflip you get extra points. Or take more boats in one while chaining air attacks sonic style.
Bombs, attack boats try and other stuff try and kill you.

-An entry where absolutely everything is ai generated, regarding an abberation on the rule of no ai.
A normal game where absolutely everything is AI generated, just put together by me. Basic game, to accomadate for limitations.

-Moshing simulator
Be the worst dude in the mosh pit. Pretty much just a beat em up where you beat up pretty normal people. Sometimes pissed dudes start fighting back.
You own the pit and no one is gonna stop you from ruining the fun!

-A game about terrible ui, where you have to collect different parts and add it into the UI, some are broken though so it gets worse?
A game where you pick up UI pieces and can then attach them where you want on the UI. They work, but some might give you the wrong information.
Bullets in the gun can be rotated any way you want, have some sort of pause mechanic where you can rearrange. Gave stays the same difficulty/progressing slightly, 
but instead of picking up better weapons or upgrades you pick up UI to understand whats going on. Once its stuck on there its stuck?

-Tank the music, a band is getting too successful, tank their next hit by suggesting the worst changes, you are a representative of the record label
You are playing through the process of making a song. Focus on production. Give the singer too much autotune, way too much reverb and the like.

-I don't want to just be an extra/I want to be a star, be an extra on a movie set, but try and draw as much attention to yourself without getting thrown out
Camera is pointed at a scene being filmed, you need to come into the background and do fancy shit(backflips etc) There is a pissed of director meter.
Pretty much a tricking/combo/tony hawk game. 2D. A serious scene is being played out in front of you. While you try and gain as much attension as possible.

-Pissed of sound guy, everyone in a band knows that you don't piss of the sound guy, the band has done just that. Let those fuckers bomb, by sabotaging their show. Turn off gitar sound right before solo and the like
You sit by the desk and try and get the band thrown out, maybe have a couple of songs, dont push it too far or they understand what you are trying to do. And they will attack you


Red:
-Vaporwave dolphin game, fight oil platforms
Inspired by games like ecco the dolphin, but 3d. You see the game from the surface so the player would be flying along the surface
vaporwave/drum and bass/jungle music blaring. Everything has a lot of bloom. 2k Dream cast core visuals. Fight fishing boats. Survive for as long as you can,
maybe have some sort of combo system, so if you do a backflip you get extra points. Or take more boats in one while chaining air attacks sonic style.
Bombs, attack boats try and other stuff try and kill you.

Love this idea, scared its going to be too art heavy, which is my absolute biggest weakness.


-A game about terrible ui, where you have to collect different parts and add it into the UI, some are broken though so it gets worse?/Weird little FPS, Howdy Partner
A game where you pick up UI pieces and can then attach them where you want on the UI. They work, but some might give you the wrong information.
Bullets in the gun can be rotated any way you want, have some sort of pause mechanic where you can rearrange. Gave stays the same difficulty/progressing slightly, 
but instead of picking up better weapons or upgrades you pick up UI to understand whats going on. Once its stuck on there its stuck?

Love this idea of exploring UI as an upgrade system, think its going to be fun to try and make too. Mainly difficult programming/implementation tasks.
But that's something I can handle. Have not seen before either and can make look, sound and feel real weird. Needs a strong way of telling the player what
to do though. 


-I don't want to just be an extra/I want to be a star, be an extra on a movie set, but try and draw as much attention to yourself without getting thrown out
Camera is pointed at a scene being filmed, you need to come into the background and do fancy shit(backflips etc) There is a pissed of director meter.
Pretty much a tricking/combo/tony hawk game. 2D. A serious scene is being played out in front of you. While you try and gain as much attension as possible.

Potential of being a bit boring or not working, gotta find a good feeling combo mechanic. Love the visual of it though.


Gold:
A game about terrible UI, FPS. Attach UI Stickers when you pick them up. Game freezes and you then build your UI. Plan for future UI too.
Flesh out tomorrow, but promising start.

